no what's going on guys Tok here and I'm
back again on the men 15 Ultimate Team
you guys see it 24 hour Adrian Peterson
and going and ticket bo Jackson we got
Tim Tebow like quarterback but in this
game play all we are going to be doing
is running the football doesn't matter
what the situation is if we're losing by
10 we got a third and fifty it does not
matter I am going to run the football
every single play in this game and let
you guys actually see the comparison of
Bo Jackson and Adrian Peterson arguably
the two best running backs in the game
is Bo Jackson strikes first picking up a
nice game right there and on a second
and ten I'm just basically mixing in
adrian peterson in bo jackson now you
saw in the lineup that i do have Bo
Jackson in the slot and I'll tell you
what a hundred speed bo Jackson 99
catching him in the slot is absolute
cheese and we will get into that in a
further episode but for this episode
we're strictly running the football here
on a second and inches up the middle
with Bo Jackson in the triple option and
they're both running really really clean
for me now some might break a little bit
further runs than others but it's all
about adjustments of my opponent man he
knows I'm running the football he might
be choosing different plays but you guys
did see in my livestream that Adrian
Peterson as he right there breaks off a
tackle spins and he's going to drag him
into the end zone and we're going to go
up 720 now I picked up a hell of a game
to do this as my opponent man is one of
the cheesiest players I've ever seen not
only does he just run like pee and
around every single play but he runs it
out of like three different formations
I grow come on now we're gonna make
adjustments and we're gonna walk it down
guys it's it's actually really easy to
stop if you know it's coming as we get a
nice sack right there second and 17 but
he's still looking firing into the red
zone area at the 18-yard line third and
three right here got auto grandma
quarterback in a dump it off in Jack
Lambert is gonna make a nice tackle and
forcing them to a fourth and four but
here he is once again staying in the
pocket looking and he's going to come up
with a nice catch down to the 1-yard
line bringing in Cam Newton for the QB
sneak we stopped it on the first time
there I am what cam newton's gonna fall
forward picking up the touchdown so 727
trying to just get these running bags
loose man adrian peterson has fumbled a
couple times from you on the livestream
man i don't know if i was running them
too much or what the case was but here
we are in the triple option and look at
bo Jackson bo Jackson finds the hole
breaks through the hole and takes off
down field all the way into the endzone
now if you want to rewind that and
rewatch that there was no hole bo
Jackson just when literally ran through
two people cutting the defenders as
night train lane gets a nice hit right
there so I mean Bo Jackson ap they both
seemed fast I don't know man I don't
want to be up I don't want a favorite Bo
Jackson because I'm a raider fan but
honestly I think Bo Jackson is the
better running back but we will be using
both of them for a while probably the
rest of madden because ap I know has the
potential to have a breakout game and I
want to be able to show you guys that
game because he is an amazing running
back it's just bo Jackson feels a little
bit quicker to me feels like he can
seize more elusive even though the
elusive and the trucking the stats are
basically the same as going to test
Brandon browner one of the best
quarterbacks in the game if Browder's
gonna get that interception taking this
to the 22 yard line now we got six
seconds before half-time giving it to
bow look at both doing what he does best
getting to the outside using his speed
down field picking up a block and he's
going to wind up getting chased from
behind but almost takes that to the
house bo Jackson so far just leading the
way in the rushing adrian peterson's you
know picking up great yards hasn't
broken a big to a big run for me really
besides that one and that's usually the
only one so far since i've been using
that i haven't used them a lot i will be
live streaming later tonight and we will
continue to use these cards now i'm not
going to run the football like this
every single game i just wanted you guys
to see exactly how they run and give me
your honest opinion down in the comments
section now i'm not going to get rid of
AP i'm not going to get rid of bo
jackson they're both going to be on the
team those are my two running backs I
like to have two running backs and when
we're using AP is our main running back
we will be using Bo Jackson in the slot
and I cannot wait to bring you guys
gameplay with Bo Jackson as a wide
receiver it's absolutely cheese and i
love it but here's AP fighting the whole
just bouncing off the fenders that's one
of the things that i noticed that Bo
Jackson really doesn't do in Marshawn
Lynch when I had 24 hour beast mode he
did that as well seemed like he would
just bounce off the fenders really
really easily continuing upfield staying
at his high speed as Bo right here is
gonna fall forward another good thing
with these running backs is that they
fall forward now I don't think Bo
Jackson golden ticket or even the other
bo Jackson maybe the old one fumbled for
me a couple times in a few months of
gameplay but I've already had Adrian
Peterson with a hundred carrying fumble
multiple times on me in my live stream
but bo Jackson I cannot recall the last
time beau jack stand coughed up the
football so I don't know we're gonna
have to continue you know just keep on
playing let you guys see what you think
is here we are 4th and 5 i'm right there
and I decide to drift to the other side
and I most likely if I had that playback
I would have intercepted it but Brandon
browner once again dude he plays the
left side of the field on the lobster
eggs so good six-foot-four golden ticket
and here we are in the fourth quarter
Tim Tebow
you forgot about me though tim tebow at
quarterback is one of the best runners
in the game now I know I have golden
ticket Michael Vick but Tebow is just so
fun to use as a pee right there finds
the hole pushes forward and it's going
to be tackled down at the 7-yard line so
third and goal here back to bo Jackson
like I said I'm not kicking I'm not
passing so a fourth-and-goal would come
out in the Wildcat bows there almost
breaks off that tackle he breaks off
that tackle it's a touchdown so still a
seven-point game anybody's game at this
moment my opponent rolls out with the PA
end around picking up the first down and
there's a minute and 50 seconds on the
clock looking to give down the field and
put this game into overtime second and
eight here having horrible clock
management you guys will see that in a
second as Otto Graham turns upfield get
in the first second and six slinging it
and finally we stopped the bullet pass
right there forcing them into another
second and eight almost at the 50-yard
line 15 seconds left where did all the
time go he basically just let it click
off as Brandon browner gets the pick but
gets out of bouncing on third and eighth
man Patrick Willis is going to seal it
up for us with the interception man you
guys let me know who you think will
continue to run these be strong for the
rest of the season man as always drop a
like on the video subscribe if you're
new expect a ton of content on the
channel tomorrow and through the weekend
man makes you guys stay up to date and
until then i'm signing out
you